Update environments and wrappers (#1523)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed
- Removed support for deprecated json-based and YAML formats for traffic histories.

> - Removed time and distance to collision values from `FormatObs` wrapper as their correctness was doubtful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed time and distance to collision values from `FormatObs` wrapper as the current implementation's correctness was in doubt.
```
